README.md, before:

<p align="center">
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5693916/30330868-8071b3da-97d6-11e7-8207-99243d19f1fe.png" data-canonical-src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5693916/30330868-8071b3da-97d6-11e7-8207-99243d19f1fe.png" width="100" height="100" />
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5693916/30366646-10dc3b30-986c-11e7-871a-4f5c237b9a6f.png" data-canonical-src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5693916/30366646-10dc3b30-986c-11e7-871a-4f5c237b9a6f.png" width="100" height="100" />
</p>

## Assignment

### Goal
The goal of this assignment is to have the candidate work with the same tools that are used in every-day Chama web development, so we can learn how one would perform while solving common development tasks that we have.

### Description
For this assignment, you are supposed to build a **to-do list** with the ability to add, complete and edit some TO-DO task.

### Stack
At Chama, our frontend stack consists of [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/hello-world.html) + [Redux](http://redux.js.org/) :heart:, therefore it's required that the same stack is used in this assignment. Complementary libraries are free to use (e.g. lodash).

### Firebase
Chama relies on [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/) to give our dealers a real-time experience. Because of this, we require that some features of Firebase are used in this assignment. There is a free-plan (default) that supports the requirements of this assignment (Hosting, Auth and real-time Database) and you should be able to start creating a project with your own Google account.

### Must have
- [ ] Sign-in/Sign-out functionality using [Firebase Auth](https://firebase.google.com/docs/auth/);
- [ ] Use **[Firebase Realtime Database](https://firebase.google.com/docs/database/)** and **Redux** to keep all the TO-DO's;
- [ ] Host your working app on the *[Firebase Hosting environment](https://firebase.google.com/docs/hosting/)*;
- [ ] Assign priority to a TO-DO and sort them by **highest to lowest priority**;
- [ ] Set a due time. Add real-time visual and auditive hints to the TO-DO item that indicate that the due time is near and has passed;
- [ ] Work on Chrome.

### Nice to have
- [ ] Responsive (Mobile and Web);
- [ ] Cross-browser support;
- [ ] Tests (Unit and/or Acceptance);
- [ ] UI following [Material Design concepts](https://material.io/)

## Hints
* You don't need to spend time creating a dev/build environment, using [react-create-app](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app) (and other alike tools) is totally ok!
* Never done anything with Firebase? You can follow [this guide](https://firebase.google.com/docs/web/setup) and it should give you a nice starting point.
* If you wish to spend less time writing boilerplate code, go to http://todomvc.com/, on this website, you will find many sample implementations of the same TO-DO application, every time using a different framework. You can choose the [React](http://todomvc.com/examples/react/#/) implementation as a starting point. It's OK to use the same styling as the original application.
* Don't need to re-invent the wheel, for components like Datepickers and/or Timepicker you can use [Material-ui](https://github.com/callemall/material-ui) or any other of your choice, it has great integration with React environments.

## Instructions
Fork this repository. You're free to edit its README, though it should preserve the must-have functionalities and stack.

When you're done, share your repositoy's and Firebase hosting's URL.

## Review

After you delivered the completed assignment to us, we will review it as soon as we can, generally within 3 days. **We pay special attention to:**

* Coding skills
   * Writing testable code	
   * Whether you use Redux, React, HTML and CSS properly
* Software Engineering Skills
   * Code organization (modularity, dependencies between modules, naming, etc)
* Overall Feeling
   * Software usability
   * Assignment completion
   * Overall code quality (edge cases, usage of tools, performance, best practices)
   
## Presentation

If we like what we see, we'll invite you to present your solution! We have a big screen for you to present on. Don't forget your laptop!

## That's it!

Happy coding! :metal:

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5693916/30273942-84252588-96fb-11e7-9420-5516b92cb1f7.gif" data-canonical-src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5693916/30273942-84252588-96fb-11e7-9420-5516b92cb1f7.gif" width="150" height="150" />

Commit message:

You shall not fotk (#8)
* Rephrase

- Remove the word fork to reduce tracebility

* Rephrase

* Update README.md

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5693916/30330868-8071b3da-97d6-11e7-8207-99243d19f1fe.png" data-canonical-src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5693916/30330868-8071b3da-97d6-11e7-8207-99243d19f1fe.png" width="100" height="100" />
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5693916/30366646-10dc3b30-986c-11e7-871a-4f5c237b9a6f.png" data-canonical-src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5693916/30366646-10dc3b30-986c-11e7-871a-4f5c237b9a6f.png" width="100" height="100" />
</p>

## Assignment

### Goal
The goal of this assignment is to have the candidate work with the same tools that are used in every-day Chama web development, so we can learn how one would perform while solving common development tasks that we have.

### Description
For this assignment, you are supposed to build a **to-do list** with the ability to add, complete and edit some TO-DO task.

### Stack
At Chama, our frontend stack consists of [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/hello-world.html) + [Redux](http://redux.js.org/) :heart:, therefore it's required that the same stack is used in this assignment. Complementary libraries are free to use (e.g. lodash).

### Firebase
Chama relies on [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/) to give our dealers a real-time experience. Because of this, we require that some features of Firebase are used in this assignment. There is a free-plan (default) that supports the requirements of this assignment (Hosting, Auth and real-time Database) and you should be able to start creating a project with your own Google account.

### Must have
- [ ] Sign-in/Sign-out functionality using [Firebase Auth](https://firebase.google.com/docs/auth/);
- [ ] Use **[Firebase Realtime Database](https://firebase.google.com/docs/database/)** and **Redux** to keep all the TO-DO's;
- [ ] Host your working app on the *[Firebase Hosting environment](https://firebase.google.com/docs/hosting/)*;
- [ ] Assign priority to a TO-DO and sort them by **highest to lowest priority**;
- [ ] Set a due time. Add real-time visual and auditive hints to the TO-DO item that indicate that the due time is near and has passed;
- [ ] Work on Chrome.

### Nice to have
- [ ] Responsive (Mobile and Web);
- [ ] Cross-browser support;
- [ ] Tests (Unit and/or Acceptance);
- [ ] UI following [Material Design concepts](https://material.io/)

## Hints
* You don't need to spend time creating a dev/build environment, using [react-create-app](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app) (and other alike tools) is totally ok!
* Never done anything with Firebase? You can follow [this guide](https://firebase.google.com/docs/web/setup) and it should give you a nice starting point.
* If you wish to spend less time writing boilerplate code, go to http://todomvc.com/, on this website, you will find many sample implementations of the same TO-DO application, every time using a different framework. You can choose the [React](http://todomvc.com/examples/react/#/) implementation as a starting point. It's OK to use the same styling as the original application.
* Don't need to re-invent the wheel, for components like Datepickers and/or Timepicker you can use [Material-ui](https://github.com/callemall/material-ui) or any other of your choice, it has great integration with React environments.

## Instructions
Create a new repo into your favorite git platform (github, bitbucket, etc), copy this README into it. You're free to edit it, though it should preserve the must-have functionalities and stack.

When you're done, share your repositoy's and Firebase hosting's URL.

## Review

After you delivered the completed assignment to us, we will review it as soon as we can, generally within 3 days. **We pay special attention to:**

* Coding skills
   * Writing testable code	
   * Whether you use Redux, React, HTML and CSS properly
* Software Engineering Skills
   * Code organization (modularity, dependencies between modules, naming, etc)
* Overall Feeling
   * Software usability
   * Assignment completion
   * Overall code quality (edge cases, usage of tools, performance, best practices)
   
## Presentation

If we like what we see, we'll invite you to present your solution! We have a big screen for you to present on. Don't forget your laptop!

## That's it!

Happy coding! :metal:

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5693916/30273942-84252588-96fb-11e7-9420-5516b92cb1f7.gif" data-canonical-src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5693916/30273942-84252588-96fb-11e7-9420-5516b92cb1f7.gif" width="150" height="150" />
